This is the ladder
It can make the common people suggest a little fluctuation
If the common people suggest
After absorbing the original patriarch's suggestion to strengthen this matter
It would have taken a year to develop
Tang Seng suggested
I need to speed up a month.
An unexpected surprise
This ladder to the last world
Each calamity is equivalent to 1/10,000 of a human ancestor.
You are a master of Yuebujing
You have to be filial
This is the Yan Family Dragon Martial Sword
Can exchange Yanjialong martial gun between lightning and flashes
Yan Pianxian is worthy of being the first genius in Nanyu Thirteen Cities
This dragon spear can block these three sword auras
Uh-huh.
I swear to death